Gerry McCann why do you want to come
here to a conference of television
exactly I think the first thing to see
Nick is that when actually agreed to do
it we hadn't predicted what was going to
happen to the degree of coverage and
really the reason I'm here was primarily
to tell people that
Marvin is still missing and we're still
looking for her and particularly to
touch an international audience and what
I didn't expect was to be such intense
coverage of the news story for such a
long time why do you think that is I
think that there is undoubtedly a huge
desire for people to one one to feign
modeling but to know what's happening
but there clearly is a lot of pressure
on people to rate things just now
because they're in Portugal when there's
not actually very much happening do you
feel in some ways that you've unleashed
a monster in the very early stages you
were desperate for publicity and you
courted publicity very effectively now
do you feel that you run away from I
think I think that's far too simplistic
there was a huge media presence in Pride
illusion they won before we really had
done anything all we did was to make a
conscious decision to interact with the
media and to raise awareness of
Madeline's disappearance and I never
ever expected and
don't think it's necessary beneficial to
have constant coverage and what we just
won is given the huge saturation
particularly in the UK and also in
Portugal what we really just want to do
I mean we hope they never get there but
it might - no mess and we just want to
remain people from time to time and
frequently know that she has no messing
in which they're working from the
outside it appears that you've been
running candidly crudely a very
professional campaign with a lot of very
experienced public relations
professionals and so on I mean clearly
that is accidental but how did that come
about well it's not at all you know will
just happen to be a fairly ordinary
family some of whom were quite good at
speaking on television of course we had
advice at the beginning from the PR
people brought in by Mark Warner Alex
Wilfong who gave us some excellent
advice you know what are your objectives
and how's it going to help your search
from Ireland and then the due to this
massive media demand or no it's not the
other way around no I was asking for
media I we were advise that we should
have a family spokesperson and we asked
the Foreign Office to provide that and
and the Fed supporters and and that was
very very important to protect us from
and what has been incredibly difficult
emotional circumstances and then we we
of course they've to say that we needed
someone to help advisers longer term for
her campaign and with Madeline's fund we
decided to appoint a campaign manager
and I have to see we appointed somebody
to client our strategy sort of medium
and long term afib is needed but
actually her job has been filling
handling the media would you like the
media then now to go away what do you
want to happen over the coming weeks and
months apart obviously from getting
Madeleine back I think the key thing is
that what we would ask is that this the
story Madeline's disappearance and the
investigation is reported responsibly
and only newsworthy material being
reported so you would like much less
coverage absolutely because you know
there's been huge amounts written with
no substance how stressful of you
founded it has capability Madeleine bean
lesson has been incredibly stressful
being under a media spotlight has added
to that and it
leading up to the hundred years that
they'd reached be perfection we felt
very much bad jobs and unfairly I
suppose as well and probably something
that we were prepared for in the first
week of to which then actually happen to
have as it approached 100 days we
weren't prepared for it but things are
going back to a degree of normality
again and some calmness has settled then
largely as a result of the Portuguese
police official spokesperson and that's
why I would ask people to look at as
what is being said officially that we
are not suspects that there is no
evidence that we're involved in
Madeline's disappearance and if there
was that the police were Tassili
declared as a suspects that's Portuguese
law and compare that to what's actually
being written and covered the to do not
be a comparison